At midday in ten days,
go to the Tenchi Bridge located in the Village Hidden in the Grass!
I've got a spy working as one of Orochimaru's subordinates...
I was supposed to rendezvous... with him...there...
Things have gotten quiet at the enemy hideout.
Has the fight been settled?
Neji, can you hear me?!
What's happening at the enemy hideout?!
Give me...a minute.
It looks like the fight's been settled.
You say the fight's been settled?
Then!
Sakura--!
S-Sakura!
What's going on with Sakura?!
Sakura's okay. They're both walking.
I see! So they beat one of the Akatsuki!
I'd expect no less from Sakura.
But things have gotten problematic...
What do you mean?
There were actually two Akatsuki members in the hideout...
Even though one of them has been defeated,
this Jutsu hasn't worn off...!
Which means...
the other one cast the Jutsu...
or...
It's a Jutsu that won't wear off even if the caster has been defeated?
There's a possibility.
That means we just have to...
defeat our clones, right?!
Beasts: Alive Again!
Granny Chiyo!
I'll heal you now!
But this won't be an ultimate solution.
I've got to do something...
about the poison that entered her body...
I used up all of the antidotes I made with the ingredients
that could be procured in the Hidden Sand Village.
If I make arrangements right now
and have the ingredients transported to the Hidden Sand Village...
we just might make it in time.
Let's hurry back to the village.
I'll make another antidote immediately...
No...
Why?!
We've finished what we were supposed to do.
We need to return to the village
and neutralize the poison immediately...
More importantly...
I've still got...
something I must...do.
A new Sharingan...
What is it?
Kakashi Sensei... It's okay if you fail.
I'll make sure I settle things in the end!
Right...
If your turn comes around...
Right!
What's this...?
Just as I thought...
Hey... Aren't these guys becoming stronger than before?
Indeed, he's begun hitting me with powerful shots...
No, the enemy hasn't gotten stronger.
Exactly...
We've gotten weaker.
We've gotten weaker...?
What do you mean, Neji?
Can you... tell us the reason why?
It's very simple.
This Jutsu probably...
All right! Everyone! We'll remove the tags on three!
One... two... three!
It copies precisely at that moment,
the ability and form of the person who removed the tags...
and then they attack.
That's why we've had trouble finishing them off.
But unlike them, we're flesh-and-blood humans.
If a fight drags on, we get tired.
And the execution of our Jutsu and our movements worsen...
So it feels like the enemies have gotten a lot stronger...
Then the longer the fight drags on,
the more fatigued we become and... we'll be at a disadvantage!
That's about the size of it.
No way!
Even so...
we must not...lose here!
Oh no!
Damn you...!
Damn it!
Sakura...
Lee?!
What's the matter?! What happened?
Oh! It's so simple...
What do you mean?
I figured it out!
I figured out how to beat these guys!
What?!
Really?!
How do we beat them?!
It's a surefire method, right?
Yes! It's an absolutely surefire method!
We just have to get stronger...
than we were when we first encountered these guys.
The enemy just copied our strength...
at the moment we removed the tags.
So!
If we get stronger than we were at that point,
we can definitely beat them!
Good job noticing that, Lee! That's my favorite pupil.
It may sound logical,
but there's no way we can get stronger just like that!
Have you forgotten, Tenten?
Have you forgotten the motto from our training?!
Stronger than you were yesterday!
With those words engraved in our hearts...
we endured harsh training!
What's the matter?! Are you done already?!
You're no better than you were yesterday!
W-We're just getting started...
We won't give up at the same point as yesterday.
We've got to...get stronger...
Stronger than you were yesterday!
- Stronger than you were yesterday! - Stronger than you were yesterday!
As a result of our training, Tenten and I became Chunin...
And Neji became a Jonin!
It's a result of our continuous efforts
to get stronger than we were yesterday!
But are we all satisfied with who we are right now?!
I...I...
I want to be better than I was yesterday!
Half a day ago...
A minute ago!
I'm going...
to be better!
I've never once thought that being a Jonin was my final goal!
I've no intention of toning things down... any time soon!
I've no intention...of dropping...out!
Youth...at full power!
8 Trigrams...
Hazan Strike!
Weapon Control...
Tensasai!
Great...Leaf Flash!
Yeah!
Sorry to keep you guys waiting!
Next time, Kakashi Sensei will finally unleash his new Jutsu!
He'll pound on that Deidara!
That's right!
Kakashi Sensei tends to put on airs and prolongs things...
Plus he's good at giving suggestive ideas,
while dodging our questions.
But when push comes to shove, he always gets tough!
That's true! He hasn't aged all these years for nothing!
Go get 'em, Kakashi Sensei!
Do your best, belated hero!
Um...you two?
If you're going to cheer for me,
can't you at least do it a bit more seriously?
Next time: "Kakashi Enlightened!"